[Docs] Add manual installation instructions for pages (#51995)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-getting-started/01-installation.mdx

- `start`: runs [`next start`](/docs/app/api-reference/next-cli#production) to start a Next.js production server.
- `lint`: runs [`next lint`](/docs/app/api-reference/next-cli#lint) to set up Next.js' built-in ESLint configuration.

### Creating directories

Next.js uses file-system routing, which means how you structure your files determines the routes in your application.

> #### The `app` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The `app` directory
```

> For new applications, we recommend using the `app` router. This router allows you to use React's latest features, and is currently where we're focusing our development efforts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For new applications, we recommend using the `app` router. This router allows you to use React's latest features and is an evolution of the `pages` router based on community feedback.
```

Reviewer 2: Should we use "App Router" and "Pages Router" instead?

> To use the `app` router, create an `app` folder, then add a `layout.tsx` and `page.tsx` file. These will be rendered when the user visits the root of your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the `app` router, create an `app/` folder, then add a `layout.tsx` and `page.tsx` file. These will be rendered when the user visits the root of your application (`/`).
```

> **Good to know**: If you forget to create `layout.tsx`, Next.js will automatically create this file for you when running the development server with `next dev`.

> Learn more about [using the App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/defining-routes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about [using the App Router](/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/defining-routes).
```

> #### The `pages` folder (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### The `pages` directory (optional)
```

> If you prefer to use the older `pages` router instead of `app`, you can create a `pages` folder at the root of your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use the `pages` router instead of `app`, you can create a `pages/` directory at the root of your project.
```

> If you prefer to use the `pages` router instead of `app`, you can create a `pages/` directory at the root of your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you prefer to use the Pages Router instead of the App Router, you can create a `pages/` directory at the root of your project.
```

> Then add an `index.tsx` file inside your pages folder, this will be your home page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, add an `index.tsx` file inside your `pages/` folder. This will be your home page (`/`):
```

```tsx filename="pages/index.tsx" switcher
export default function Page() {
  return <h1>Hello, Next.js!</h1>
}
```

> Next, add a custom `_app` file inside your pages folder. Learn more about the [custom App file](/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/custom-app)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, add an `_app.tsx` file inside `pages/` to define the global layout. Learn more about the [custom App file](/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/custom-app)).
```

```tsx filename="pages/_app.tsx" switcher
import type { AppProps } from 'next/app'

export default function App({ Component, pageProps }: AppProps) {
  return <Component {...pageProps} />
}
```

```jsx filename="pages/_app.js" switcher
export default function App({ Component, pageProps }) {
  return <Component {...pageProps} />
}
```

> Finally, add a custom `_document` file inside your pages folder. Learn more about the [custom Document file](/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/custom-document).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, add a `_document.tsx` file inside `pages/` to control the initial response from the server. Learn more about the [custom Document file](/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/custom-document).
```

```tsx filename="pages/_document.tsx"
import { Html, Head, Main, NextScript } from 'next/document'

export default function Document() {
  return (
    <Html>
      <Head />
      <body>
        <Main />
        <NextScript />
      </body>
    </Html>
  )
}
```

Learn more about [using the Pages Router](/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/pages-and-layouts).

> > **Good to know**: Although you can use both routers in the same project, routes in `app` will be prioritized over `pages`. We recommend using only one router in your new project to avoid confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Good to know**: Although you can use both routers in the same project, routes in `app` will be prioritized over `pages`. Learn more about [incrementally adopting the App Router](/docs/app/building-your-application/upgrading/app-router-migration) if you have an existing project.
```

Not sure on this... maybe not necessary since it's the installation page?

Author: Yes, this is for new apps.
